id;type;effect;description
1;Melee;BALANCE LOST;You fall Prone.
2;Melee;BUTTERFINGERS;You throw your weapon 10 ft. in a random direction ({{ direction }}).
3;Melee;EMBARRASSED;You receive a -2 penalty to attack rolls against a target until you successfully hit a target with an attack.
4;Melee;PULLED MUSCLE;You have disadvantage on attack rolls and ability checks.
5;Melee;FATIGUED;You gain one level of Exhaustion.
6;Melee;EXCESSIVE EFFORT;You have the Stunned condition until the end of your next turn.
7;Melee;ITEM BROKE;Your non magical weapon/implement is broken.
8;Melee;COUNTER ATTACKED;The target makes an attack roll against you. If this action is impossible, the target has advantage on the next attack roll against you.
9;Melee;BAD AIM;You hit an ally. If this action is impossible, your original target makes an attack roll against you.
10;Melee;CRITICAL COUNTER;The target critically hits you with an attack. If this action is impossible, your original target makes a critical hit against you on the next attack.
11;Melee;FRIENDLY FIRE;You critically hit an ally. If this action is impossible, your original target makes a critical hit against you on the next attack.
12;Melee;SUICIDE STRIKE;You critically hit yourself with same weapon/implement used to attack.
13;Melee;ANKLE TWIST;You twist your ankle and have halved movement speed for {{ d4_sum }} round/s.
14;Melee;REFLECTION;You are Blinded by the reflected light or energy from your own weapon until the end of your next turn.
15;Melee;FEAR;After you miss you have the Frightened condition toward the target for {{ d4 }} round/s.
16;Melee;POWERFUL COUNTERATTACK;The target makes an attack roll against you with maximized damage. If this action is impossible, the target has advantage on the next attack roll against you.
17;Melee;POWERFUL CRIT;The target makes an critical hit against you with maximized damage. If this action is impossible, your original target makes a maximized critical hit against you on the next attack.
18;Melee;STUCK;Your foot is stuck in a hole and have the Restrained condition until the beginning of your next turn.
19;Melee;FALL;You fall Prone and bang your head. You also have the Incapacitated condition until the end of your next turn.
20;Melee;HARD FALL;You fall Prone and bang your head. You also have the Unconscious condition for {{ d4 }} round/s.